[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Oh, I love your headstone!
That key-- nice touch.
>> How could that be mine?
I'm right here.
I don't understand.
>> You're right here, I know.
This is OK.
I'm here to help you
process all of that.
You are either in denial, or
maybe you don't remember yet.
>> Remember what?
What are you talking about?
>> Elizabeth, you don't remember
the agreement that you made
with Gwen, your spiritual guide,
when you found out that you
were going to die?
Oh, believe me.
This is normal.
A lot of people have
a hard time accepting
they're not alive anymore.
Some people find
it quite a shock
when they find out they're dead.
>> You're saying I'm dead?
What?
>> Elizabeth, you made an
agreement with Gwen that you
were going to become a
spiritual guide and help people.
Remember?
She was going to retire.
Is any of this ringing a bell?
>> No, and I think I need to go.
>> Oh, I forgot.
Maybe these will help.
>> What are these?
Oh, the keys!
So I've transitioned,
and this is it.
>> This is it.
You're here!
>> Wait a minute.
This is what my family buried
me in, these disco shoes?
Are you kidding me?
>> Oh, no, I love the shoes!
And as for the clothes, you can
change those later if you want,
because there are no rules here.
>> Thank goodness
OK, so who are you?
>> Oh, I'm Donna.
And I'm (SINGING) awesome!
You know what?
I'm also really smart.
>> So where do we begin?
[WHOOSHING]
>> Elizabeth?
>> Gwen!
Oh, my goodness.
>> I'm so glad you're here!
>> I'm so glad to see you!
Oh, I just got here as you know.
And I know you don't
know what to do first.
>> Well tell me, how
was your transition?
>> I didn't feel a thing.
It was like beam me up,
Scotty, and the next thing I
knew I was here.
I was so confused, though.
I looked at my headstone,
and I couldn't figure it out
until Donna here
gave me the keys.
>> Excellent.
I'm so glad you've met.
>> Yes, thank you.
>> Are you getting excited about
taking over my role as head
spiritual guide?
>> I really am.
I just don't know
where to begin.
>> Elizabeth, it's so easy.
It's not that
different from when
I took you around to all
the experts and the thought
leaders.
Like when I offered
you this job, right?
>> Right.
>> All the people who were
meant to meet you were there.
So all you have to do
is think of who you
want to come and help
you, and they'll show up.
And if they're not available at
that moment when you need them,
you can have a virtual meeting.
>> Wonderful.
>> You'll see.
It's our latest technology.
It's fabulous!
[LAUGHTER]
>> OK, so where do we start?
How do we get started?
>> Well as for the people
that you're meant to help,
you'll know when
someone needs you.
And then again, figure
out the perfect expert
who can help them go through
whatever they're dealing with.
>>OK, great!
>> All right.
Now, I do know who your
first case is going to be.
>> Yeah?
>> She's a perfect fit, and I
know you're going to love her.
>> Oh, I can't wait!
How do we find her?
>> To find her, just head west.
>> Head west?
I don't even know
where we are now.
That doesn't help me.
>> Head west, Elizabeth.
>> Gwen!
>> Just head west.
>> Is that the number
11 bus that just left?
>> Yeah, I think so.
I just missed it.
>> Ugh!
Son of a bitch!
God, I can't take this anymore.
I'm going home to have a drink.
>> Lucky you.
[QUIET MUSIC]
>> Oh, there she is.
People who need help are
right in front of you.
Gwen said go west.
We go west, and there she is.
Go get her.
>> Excuse me, do
you need some help?
>> You think?
>> Well, what's wrong?
I just want to help.
>> Never mind.
>> You know what, Elizabeth?
I think that Sophia
is just frustrated
because she missed her bus.
>> Oh.
>> I thought I had enough time.
I should have left earlier.
Now, everything is crap.
>> I'm your spiritual guide,
and I'm here to help you.
And this is Donna,
my apprentice.
>> Why would you
need an apprentice?
>> Well, I actually just
crossed over, so I'm new.
And I'm here to help people.
And Donna is here to help me.
>> Oh, great-- a
trainee and a newbie.
Just what I needed.
>> Sophia, you're my first case.
>> How do you know my name?
>> I know everything about you.
I understand why you're
in this mess you're in,
and I can help
you get out of it.
I have some amazing
inspirational thought leaders
and experts that I
can introduce you to.
And they'll help you
understand the keys.
>> What do you mean?
What keys?
>> Well, there are seven
keys that can help you with
your life.
They are appreciation, harmony,
passion, courage, faith,
vibration, and empathy.
And once you
understand the keys--
oh, my gosh.
It will make your
life so much easier.
But once you become
the keys, you
won't believe how amazing
your life becomes.
Because if you want
to stay in this mess
you're in, if you want to stay
angry and hostile and bitter,
then no one can help you.
Not me, not Donna, nobody.
So it's up to you.
If you're up for it, we
could go have an amazing day
and meet some incredible
thought leaders.
What have you got to lose?
You missed the bus anyway.
>> I am so excited to introduce
you to Kelly Lee Bennett.
She's a world class
executive coach.
This is exactly what
you need right now.
>> I understand that you've been
dealing with some challenges
and feeling kind of
stuck in life right now.
>> Tell me about it.
>> Well, I'd like to speak to
you about the key of harmony
and tell you a little
about my story.
As you know, we
all have a story.
And everyone's pain
is their own pain.
It's all relative.
And it's certainly
not a competition.
I was highly successful
in the business world
and made a lot of money,
in particular for a woman.
But I was a VP of a
multinational organization
responsible for $600
million worth of business.
Most people on the outside
thought I had it all together.
But in fact, I was
emotionally bankrupt.
But let me share with
you some of the traumatic
and some of the crisis that
I've gone through in my life
to get where I am today.
When I was 13 years old, I was
gang raped by some neighborhood
boys in my area.
This was in a lovely
small town where
everybody knew each other.
I never told a soul.
And then when I was
15, my very best friend
was kidnapped,
raped, and murdered.
And you know when you're 15,
you're not emotionally mature.
It was a lot to take on.
And then when I was 18,
my new best friend--
I ventured into allowing myself
to have another friendship--
was killed in a high
speed car accident.
So a series of
compounding traumas
sent me into this
space of disassociation
and disconnection
with my true self.
And so for the rest
of my next 25 years,
I'd be fueled by anger and fear.
I became an extreme
overachiever.
So you know, I was
dealing with the loss
of my mother, my brother
missing, this marriage ending.
And finally, I had
come back to the US.
We were living in
Dubai at the time.
And he decided to take all
of my money and his money
and take it to Dubai.
And once you're in
Dubai, it's Sharia law.
So at that low moment, I had
to scrape together credit cards
to get back to Canada.
And I had no money,
as I mentioned.
I ended up living
in the basement
of one of my former employees.
Thank god for her.
In that basement at
rock bottom, imagine
coming from a millionaire's
life to living
in your own employee's
basement suite.
And I really came
to my realization.
You know I said to
myself, how am I here?
How did I end up here?
Why am I here?
What is the meaning of this?
At that moment, I discovered
that what I'd been looking for
was actually safety.
And I learned to
trust myself and let
myself know that, guess
what, life is risky.
And so for me, in that basement,
having this realization
of looking for safety--
well, where was I
going to get safety?
I needed to learn
to trust myself.
And I started to make
some shifts in my life.
Prayer was a huge piece for me.
So I'd love to offer
up that you think
about looking at preparing
yourself for releasing also.
Releasing behaviors,
releasing habits,
releasing some of the
people in your life
that maybe keep hooking
you and pulling you under.
And look for people
who will absolutely
hold you accountable to the
changes you want to make.
>> Kelly Lee, thank you so
much for your time today.
This has been amazing.
And I think your
story is so powerful
it might take Sophia a little
while to really understand
the key of harmony.
But you understand that
with everything Kelly
Lee's been through, she's
just so successful again
and is in harmony with herself.
And I see that for
you, I really do.
Sophia, we are in a very
special room right now.
And we're going to
be able to go visit
with some incredible
thought leaders virtually.
We're going to jump into another
dimension and meet with them.
>> You've got to
love technology.
[QUIET MUSIC]
[WHOOSHING]
>> What would be your take on
really the purpose of life?
Why are we all here?
>> The most expressive part,
when I think about the meaning
of life and the expression
of life, is this.
We all, a lot of times,
practice being who we are.
And that's the problem.
You have to start with,
spiritually, who you are first.
The first key of real power is
to spiritually look at yourself
from that divine
spiritual place,
and measure the world
from there instead
of that sad, poor, pitiful,
downtrodden, unhappy, living
in hell individual.
>> Well, it's very
simple for me.
We come here with a
very important job.
We come here to work.
Personally, I'm working
with this human, Miguel.
Miguel is a wonderful,
beautiful body.
But it's where I work.
I work in Miguel, trying
to do the best I can.
Miguel is matter.
I am life.
Trying to force who shape
matter, who creates everything.
Because life is not just the
workers working in Miguel.
But it's the one who is working
in you, in everybody around.
He is the one who opened the
flowers to move the queen.
Then life is half of the truth.
Or we can say it's
the whole truth,
and matter is just the
consequences of life.
We work in matter.
I work in Miguel as you're
working in yourself.
Everybody is working.
Then my purpose is to create
in Miguel the best I can.
>> I don't think what I am.
I know what I am.
And it's been a
realization that I've
had for a really long time.
And that is that I know
I'm a divine being.
And I know that when I am living
in my truth, it's the divine--
>> Let it flow.
Come on, let it flow.
>> It's the divine being
expressed through me.
>> Exactly.
Own that.
The moment you own that, you
become the secret of the keys.
You become it.
It's not memorizing something
like you do in kindergarten.
It's becoming something.
We can all memorize something,
but it's becoming something.
And when your heart
just opened up
to express to us, the council,
we celebrate that opening.
We cherish that opening,
because everybody
comes there sooner or later.
Just the sooner you can get
there, the better off you are.
And you can keep from doing
some really stupid things.
[LAUGHTER]
>> So you're serving an example
to me of what not to do.
>> Exactly!
We can't tell you what
to do, but we can exactly
tell you what not to do.
So be blessed in
this journey, Jim.
And travel safe.
And look when you need
us, come back to us.
We'll be here.
And remember, becoming the
keys adds to this expression.
You get access to
higher counseling.
You know, we think
that we're the same
until we attune ourselves
through meditation,
through proper diet.
We attune ourselves
to that frequency
that's our divine
connection-- not
our intellectual,
emotional connection.
>> Right.
>> Stay true to you
and let that express.
>> Thank you.
[WHOOSHING]
>> How much longer
do I have to be here?
>> Sophia, aren't you listening
to what the experts have
to share with you?
Their stories-- they're
so inspirational!
>> They don't live my life.
>> Oh honey, there is no need
to be so cynical and so bitter.
>> Donna?
>> Yes?
>> I need a break.
You know what to do.
>> I got this.
You know what, Sophia?
I've got an idea.
I know someone that I think
is going to really get through
to you.
Have you ever heard
of Brian Tracy?
>> Yes!
Is he here?
>> Well, he's actually not here.
But I can summon him to come
and share with you personally.
He's going to be right
over to your left.
[QUIET MUSIC]
>>Gwen!
Where are you?
We need to talk.
This is ridiculous.
The keys-- oh, my god.
Gwen, you said this was
going to be fabulous.
If I could be a spiritual
guide and help people,
then it would just be amazing.
Well, I got news for you.
It's not amazing.
It's ridiculous.
This is impossible to help
someone who can't be helped!
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to do next.
This is just crazy!
Oh, my goodness.
Where are you?
I need to talk to you!
>> You're doing fine.
>> Oh, man.
Gwen!
Where are you?
>> It's working.
Give it time.
>> Give it time.
I don't have time!
I was OK with dying,
and being here,
and being a spiritual
guide, and helping people.
At least I could help people.
But you can't help someone
who doesn't want to be helped!
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
Ugh!
So frustrated and angry.
I don't know what to do!
>> Elizabeth, chill out.
[WHOOSHING]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> OK, I get it.
I'm chill.
Oh, man!
Oh, there's Gwen.
Great timing.
Gwen, how do I dry off?
>> Just think yourself dry
and come on up and join us.
>> Well, that worked.
>> We have been
watching you, Elizabeth.
And we do understand
why you're so frustrated
and upset with Sophia.
I know.
But we have some good news.
>> And we have some bad news.
The bad news,
Elizabeth, is this.
Not everyone is open
to being helped.
>> That's so true.
As a motivational
speaker and author,
I imagine that you
were used to speaking
to audiences that wanted to hear
everything that you had to say.
Right?
>> Yes.
>> So I should have warned
you that as a spiritual guide,
not everybody is
open to your help.
>> Oh, yeah.
A heads up on that
would have been nice.
Thank you.
>> But the good news is
you will make progress.
You know that old saying
when the student is ready,
the teacher appears?
>> Yes.
>> Well, this work is like that.
You'll hammer home
your points, and you'll
share the experts' stories.
And then in one glorious
moment, the people get it.
They get it.
>> So how long does it take for
these people to get their aha
moment, for them to get it?
>> You know, it takes
time, Elizabeth.
I wasn't always this calm.
>> Really?
>> It's true.
But just like the people that
you're going to be helping,
you need to remember that
life is happening for you, not
to you.
And this way, everything you
see, everything you experience
becomes a blessing.
>> I know you're right.
I know you're right.
Thank you both so much for
helping me to calm down
and change gears.
You know, it's my
first day on the job.
>> Of course.
We're here for you.
>> Any idea who is next?
>> I do!
Your next case is quite a doozy.
>> Uh-oh.
>> Yes.
>> Who is it?
>> It's my great, great--
no, wait a minute.
My great, great, great, great,
great granddaughter Emma.
>> Oh, you're kidding!
>> No.
>> Why aren't you helping her?
>> Because I'm helping you.
>> Oh.
>> And I happen to know that
the greater your challenges are
in the beginning, the better
you're going to do in the long
run.
This is a crash course, baby.
But you're up to it.
>> OK.
Well, I can't wait to meet her.
I'm going to go
finish with Sophia,
and we'll send her on her way.
And then we'll go help your
great, great, great, great,
great granddaughter Emma.
It's been so great
to see you both.
>> Thank you.
It's good to see you.
>> Thank you, darling.
>> Thank you.
>> Congratulations
on your journey.
>> Thank you.
>> She's going to be fine.
>> Another one makes it.
Congratulations.
>> Same to you!
>> Thank you.
>> Now today, we're living
in the fastest changing time
in all of human history,
except for tomorrow, next week,
and next month.
There was a time
probably where you
could reach a certain level
of expertise or sales,
and then take it easy.
Today, you have so
many competitors.
And every one of
those competitors
has only one thought
in life, and it's
to put you out of business.
And the way they want to
put you out of business
is they want your customers.
And they don't want
some of your customers.
They want all of your customers.
They want you break up, broke,
and kicking an empty beer
can down the street
in your tennis
shoes, because you're
finished in business.
Your competitors
wake up every morning
thinking about putting
you out of business
by serving customers
better than you do.
And if you don't wake up
every morning thinking
about putting them
out of the business,
then they're going
to eat your lunch.
As Jack Welch once said,
if you don't do it,
the end is in sight.
So continuous and never
ending improvement--
never become complacent.
Complacency is
the greatest enemy
of success in a fast
moving business world.
Always be looking for ways to
make your customers happier.
I have a little thing.
I'm thinking of writing a book.
You've heard of
ER, emergency room.
I'm thinking of writing
a book called "ER."
And the whole thing is "How
to Succeed in a Business, ER."
And so we say if you
want to make a sale,
you have to make
your customer happy.
But then your competitor
wants that customer as well,
as I just said.
So the competitor will
match whatever you say.
It's like poker
here in Las Vegas.
You have to match the previous
bet to stay in the game.
So your competitor will
match whatever you do
and very, very fast.
Faster today than ever before.
So then you have to
make them happier.
And it's the "er" that
determines your success
in life.
It's the happier.
You have to serve them faster.
It has to be convenienter.
It has to be newer.
It has to be cheaper.
It has to be something "er."
So everything in our world
today depends upon the "er."
If we can serve our
customers faster,
better, easier, cheaper,
more conveniently, and so on,
we win.
So everything is "er,"
which is continuous,
never ending improve.
Always looking for ways to
own the E-R, to own the "er."
>> So good.
Wow, awesome.
>> I'm back.
>> Hey!
>> Hey.
>> Hi, Sophia.
Did you enjoy what
Brian Tracy had to say?
>> Yes!
He's so inspiring.
I love what he had to say.
And you know what?
>> What?
>> I get it.
>> Finally.
So glad.
>> Things are
starting to look up,
and I feel so much
more positive.
>> I'm so glad.
I'm so grateful.
Well, I'm ready to send
you to your interview
if you're ready to leave
all that anger, resentment,
and hostility behind.
Are you?
>> Yes, starting right now.
>> OK.
>> And I realize that everyone
has challenges every day.
>> That is such a
powerful lesson, Sophia.
The challenges we
face every day--
they don't need to define us.
Instead, they give us the
opportunity to grow and even
help and empower others.
>> Exactly.
Before you go, I have
a present for you.
OK?
It's a diamond key
pendant, and it's
going to help you stay
mindful of the seven keys.
Why don't you say
them with me now?
>> Appreciation, harmony,
passion, courage, faith,
vibration, and empathy.
>> And empathy is really
understanding that
everybody's dealing with
something all the time.
Are you ready to go
to your interview now?
>> Definitely.
>> OK, let's see.
We can send you to the
architect's office right now.
I don't want you
to be disoriented.
You'll be right outside their
office door, ready to go,
and right on time.
[WHOOSHING]
>> Wow, that was fun.
You know, you
really can tell when
they have their aha moments.
I wonder who's next.
>> You won't believe this, but
I actually know who's next.
>> You do?
>> It's Gwen's great--
wait, let me get this right.
Gwen's great, great, great,
great, great granddaughter
Emma.
>> Wow.
>> She's very depressed.
She's been through a lot
of challenges lately,
and we get to go help her.
OK.
So which way is west?
>> Oh!
Hold on.
Come on.
This way's west.
>> OK.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>>Oh, wow.
She even looks depressed.
I think we got
here just in time.
>> I think you're right.
Hi, Emma!
How you doing?
>> Who are you?
>> I'm Elizabeth.
I'm your spiritual guide.
I'm here to help
you move forward.
>> Did my slimy, no good
ex-husband put the two of you
up to this?
Am I on camera?
That's what it is, right?
My mother-- she would
totally pull this.
>> No, Emma.
This is Elizabeth, and I
am her apprentice Donna.
And Elizabeth has
some people that she
wants you to meet who are going
to uplift you and inspire you
with their life stories.
We can't wait to help you!
Oh, you know what?
I also need to let you know
somebody very important
sent us here.
It was her-- help
me get this right--
great, great, great,
great, great grandmother.
>> Wow.
OK, I'll play along.
So my great, great, great--
>> Great, great,
great grandmother.
>> Yeah.
So that would make her
about 200 years old, right?
Give or take.
Uh-huh.
All right.
Well, I'm all for
day drinking, ladies.
Obviously, you are, too.
You show up here drunk, and
you with that fabulous hair.
And you expect me
to believe this?
When exactly did my
great grandmother
tell you to help me?
>> Oh, just a few hours ago.
But we had to help rescue
someone else first.
We've had a very hectic
day, but we got here
as soon as we could.
>> It's been busy.
But Emma, we've got to tell you.
Please trust us.
We're not only
completely harmless.
You're going to find out that
we are very, very helpful.
We know how depressed
you've been with everything
that is going on in your life.
But we are here to tell
you this is your lucky day.
Things are about to
change for you, my dear.
>> That's right.
We're going to
show you the keys.
We're going to teach you all
about the keys, the seven
keys-- appreciation, harmony,
passion, courage, faith,
vibration, and empathy.
And I want to introduce you
to the most amazing thought
leaders and experts
who are going to share
their stories with you.
And you'll see how
amazing their stories are
and what the keys can
do for you in your life.
>> OK, spirit guide lady.
So if you know so much,
why don't you tell me
why you think I'm so depressed?
>> Oh, what in particular?
The fact that you
lost your job and went
through all your money?
>> Well, how about the fact
we know that you went through
a really nasty divorce?
And we also know that you just
lost your best friend in a car
accident.
What you have gone
through this past year
is treacherous enough to
make anybody depressed.
Emma, we really do understand
what you've been going through.
>> What the hell.
I'm a mess, I know it.
And I know I need help.
So I guess I have
nothing to lose.
What was my great, great, great,
great, great grandmother's name
anyways?
>> Her name is Gwen, and she's
watching over you all the time.
Have you ever felt like
someone was there for you,
that you were being protected
and someone was watching out
for you?
She's never left
your side, Emma.
She's always been there for you.
We're never alone.
No one ever is.
We always have someone
watching out for us.
>> Come on, Emma, because
we're going to show you how all
of these challenging things
going on in your life is
actually happening for
you, not just to you.
Just trust us.
Let's go.
>> For me.
>> We'll show you.
I promise.
>> Come on!
>> All right.
[WHOOSHING]
>> Hello, Robert Clancy.
>> Hello!
>> So good to see you.
I have someone very
special for you.
Emma, this is Robert Clancy.
>> Emma, it's a
pleasure to meet you.
>> Thank you.
>> Why don't we all have a seat
so you can share your story
with her?
>> Sure!
[QUIET MUSIC]
>> Robert, I wanted you
to talk to Emma today,
because she's really going
through a challenging time.
She lost her job, went
through all her savings,
and she went through
a very nasty divorce.
Most recently, she lost her
dearest friend unexpectedly
in a car accident.
>> Wow.
>> And I thought you always
have the right message for such
an occasion.
>> Well, I do feel
a message for you.
And Emma, I really
empathize with what
is going on in your life.
I too had that.
And what I'm guided to
talk to you about today
is the key of appreciation.
And there's a beautiful
element to that.
It's appreciating yourself.
You see, when I
was 19, I actually
went through a really
difficult time.
I lost several
friends to suicide.
I had two other friends
get in awful car accidents.
And then, my family
was falling apart.
My mother was having
a nervous breakdown.
Can you imagine all of this
happening in a two month span?
And I stopped caring about me.
I lost the appreciation
for myself.
Luckily, somebody was there.
There was an angel, a human
angel that first appeared.
And she brought to
me how to meditate.
And she recognized
that I was struggling.
I hid it well from everyone.
I was mixing prescription drugs
and alcohol and checking out.
>> I can relate.
I've been going through
a dark night of the soul.
>> Yes, I can feel that.
And there is a light at the end.
So I meditated for the
first time in my life.
Can you imagine that?
I'm an analytical person,
so I read the instructions.
I went home, I go through this.
And I'm in this part of
my brain the whole time.
I'm a ones and zeros person.
I'm actually a programmer.
At the time when
I was in college,
I was studying to
be a programmer.
And then, the light opened.
And I saw a light with
my eyes open or closed.
And in that moment, an angel
actually manifested in the room
with me.
>> A literal angel.
>> A literal angel, yes.
And I know it
sounds fantastical.
I stood there in this
presence of this beauty,
and my analytical mind and my
spiritual mind did not line up.
>> No, it doesn't.
Look at where I am with
these two spiritual guides.
>> I would say so.
And I kept this a secret for 30
years, even from my own family.
I told my father
just a few years ago,
the night my mother
was going to pass away.
I knew where she was
going, it's just love.
And there's nothing
else on that side.
The great picture
that God paints
for us, we never see
the entire canvas.
Just believe that picture
is absolutely beautiful.
That's the beauty of life.
>> Thank you so much.
I knew you would have the
perfect message for Emma,
because she's just been
so down in the dumps.
If anyone can get her out
of the dumps, it's you.
So thank you so much, Robert
for meeting with us today.
>> And the beautiful
word is "namaste."
So let's just share.
That means I recognize the light
in you that is also within me.
>> Thank you.
>> Hi, Juliette.
How are you?
>> Hi!
>> I have someone I'm really
excited for you to meet.
Emma, this is Juliette Miles.
She is amazing.
Wait until you hear her story.
>> My career ended in 2008, I
think with the entire country
and the real estate industry.
And I was like, OK.
You know?
I got my severance, and
they treated me wonderful.
And I think I was
done after 23 years.
And I just kind of took
time for me and my health
and everything.
And I went on a little
Juliette journey.
I kind of was where you are now.
Not lost, but where's my next--
and that's what you do.
You go back to your passion.
And that's how
writing and authoring,
coaching came into my life, and
this whole magnificent inner
journey.
And then at the
height of that, I
was going to do a
conference in Cruz.
I had authors and
inspirational speakers.
I had worked a year.
And a week before that
sailing to Alaska,
I got diagnosed
with breast cancer.
Which was the strangest thing,
because Breast Cancer Angels
was my charity.
So for every sailing
that we booked,
it gave back to our charity.
And of course I
was thinking wait,
I'm the one giving
the inspiration.
And it was just OK, where
are we going with this?
I had to trust the journey.
I was the lucky one.
Caught early, everything
that you would want.
You know, you're starting
to get your mammograms.
I was 50 years old, 2013.
It's when you start getting
all those tests and everything.
Super small, had the lumpectomy,
in surgery radiation.
So that's all I
experienced, in surgery.
I woke up, and I was good to go.
Free and clear,
lymph nodes clear.
I was the lucky one.
My mom tells me life
is for the living.
Life is for the living!
>> And it's for the courageous.
>> It is.
And you know what, honey?
We only have one life to live.
And you're going to meet
so many super angels that
will come into your life.
And you won't even know
what this big picture is.
>> This has been so amazing.
Thank you so much for sharing
your journey with Emma.
>> Thank you for having me.
>> And Donna and I are so lucky
to sit ringside as you share
your journey.
Thank you so much.
>> I'm ready to go fierce.
[LAUGHTER]
>> Are you ready?
>> I'm ready.
>> Thank you so much.
[WATER FLOWING]
Hi, Barbara.
How are you?
I want to introduce you to Emma.
Emma, this is Barbara Steingas.
>> Emma, it's so
good to meet you.
>> And I can't wait for her
to share her story with you.
>> I'm very excited.
>> Let's go ahead
and have a seat.
>> Have a seat, please.
[QUIET MUSIC]
So I hear you're going through
some challenges in your life
right now.
>> I am.
>> I can definitely relate.
There was a time in my
life about 25, 30 years ago
that I wanted to die.
I was diagnosed with Crohn's
disease just out of college.
It's an autoimmune disease
of the intestinal track.
And the doctors told
me there was no cure.
All I could do is take
medicines and maybe end up
with surgery as my only options.
So not knowing better, I
just followed what they said,
and I lived this horrible life.
It was kind of like
the horror story
version of "Groundhog Day."
>> Oh, my goodness.
>> I would just try to
sleep to avoid the pain.
And then, I would
have to wake up, make
my way to the bathroom,
basically crawl.
Sometimes, I couldn't
even stand up straight.
I would pass out, I was so weak.
And I begged god to stop this.
You know?
Like holy crap, this is
not the circle of life
that I intended for myself.
And I didn't think
I could go on.
I didn't want to go on.
But God said no,
it's not your time.
You have a mission
to accomplish.
And then, the doctors said
the only thing they could do
is maybe shut off
my immune system
with an immunosuppressive drug.
The theory was my immune
system was overactive,
so let's shut it off.
However the side effect, if you
want to call it a side effect,
is that I could
potentially get a cold that
could turn into a deadly
case of pneumonia.
So I started thinking
about it like a puzzle,
'cause I love games.
I guess that's why God
showed me a puzzle.
I thought there wasn't any
one thing that got me sick.
It was like a perfect
storm of all these pieces
that came together.
So couldn't the same
be true to get me well?
I just had to find
the right pieces
mentally, physically,
emotionally, spiritually.
After I made this
decision, though, I really
didn't know how I
was going to do this.
I had no roadmap to follow.
There wasn't the internet
back then like there is now.
I didn't know anybody
else that was sick.
I just had my belief that
I could find harmony,
that I could find balance
and be the key of harmony.
So thankfully-- I
don't even remember
who it was I was so ill.
My memory was a
little bit shoddy.
You know, when you're
so malnourished
you don't really have
much brain function.
Gave me "Dr. Atkins
Health Revolution" book.
And it had a section in it
about the disease I had.
And I thought wow,
this the first time
I heard of a doctor saying
natural ways to heal myself.
Thankfully, I live
in New Jersey.
I was able to go to
his clinic in New York,
and he taught me
how to eat properly
to stop feeding the
yeast and candida that
was causing the inflammation.
I had to work on my mind,
emotions, and thoughts.
Because the disease of
all that was creating
this disease in my body.
>> Mind, emotion, and thoughts.
>> Yeah, it was like all
or nothing, good or bad.
I just saw things
in black and white.
And I had to learn
to find my balance.
And eventually,
thankfully, I did
with the help of my late
husband's unconditional love.
He married me when
I weighed 85 pounds.
Didn't know if I'd live or die.
And he saw the
true spirit of me--
the whole me, not this frail
person, this human that
was in front of him.
His spirit saw my spirit.
And I guess he finished and
accomplished his mission
in life, and he passed 10
years ago to a heart attack.
And then, three years
later I was lucky enough
to find another man in my life.
And then, God took
him to the other side
three years after
we were together.
I thought I was done, Emma.
I thought I was done.
I was in that dark, dark place.
I was Darth Vader.
I was doing to the dark side.
I didn't want to
know God anymore.
I said, we're enemies.
But I allowed myself to
feel the anger so rawly
for three days, Emma.
I just let it out unabashedly.
After three days, the
weight lifted off my heart.
And I like to think.
You know the "Footprints
in the Sand" poem?
>> Yes.
>> When you only see
one footprint, not two?
God carried me through
those three days.
He understood that I
needed to go through that.
That's part of the
healing process.
We have to feel the
anger and let it out.
But then, we can come
back to a balance
again and find
our way back home.
>> Barbara, I just knew you'd be
the perfect expert to help Emma
understand the key
of harmony better.
Thank you so much for taking
the time to be with us today.
I know it meant a lot to you.
Didn't it?
>> Oh, thank you, Barbara.
It meant so much to me.
>> I bless you on your journey
of finding your puzzle pieces.
>> Emma, this is Jodi Friedman.
I am so excited for her to
share her message with you.
Go ahead and have a seat.
>> OK.
>> Emma, I understand that
you've had a similar situation
that I have, that you've just
recently gone through a really
hard divorce.
That is what I've
gone through, too.
I've had a couple of
spiritual awakenings
that helped me to see how
to change from one thing
to another.
It was really two
different times in my life.
And the first one
being a divorce that
came at an inopportune time.
Really helps me to
understand the key of empathy
and really feel for what
you're going through.
Everything was good for
me for a couple years,
until I had my daughter.
Once she was born, everything
changed in my life.
I was used to having a great
relationship with the man
that I love so much.
But then after I
became a mom, that's
the only way that he saw me.
We changed from
being great friends,
doing things together,
and having a great life
to just being simply a mom.
And it was so unexpected for me.
I really didn't know what to do.
So I actually kept
trying harder and harder.
And as I felt rejected, I
just felt smaller and smaller.
My whole life as I knew it
really felt like it was over.
I tried to seek approval and
get what I was used to having.
But I had to take care
of my daughter, too.
I had a career at the same time.
So as I did both,
that part of me
that just felt dejected just
sort of got shoved down.
And there wasn't really
much I could do about it.
Except one day, there
was a turn of events.
It does get better.
I went to a whole life expo
where I didn't even really know
what was calling me there.
But I felt like
there was something
that I had to know about.
It kind of came out of the blue.
And once I was there,
I went to a lecture.
And I found a meta
physician, a spiritual man,
where I listened to his lecture,
and I became so enthralled
in something that I really
didn't know anything about.
I started asking questions.
And I didn't really even
know what I was saying,
but I knew I was becoming
passionate about something
wonderful.
And it was really the
field of metaphysics--
that and quantum physics.
And you know, I was a housewife
and a real estate agent.
It hit me out of the blue.
And when I went to talk
to him after the lecture,
I think he was
reading my energy.
He said would you like
to come over, and let's
talk a little bit?
So I sat down with him.
We had a cup of coffee.
And then, he did an
energy healing on me.
Emma, it was just
out of this world.
I'd never had one before.
>> I got chills.
>> So one day, I
took the courage.
And I stepped into it.
And not only did I get divorced,
but I changed my careers
and stepped into healing.
>> You do understand
what I've been through.
>> I think I do.
>> So much change.
>> My dear, everything
will turn out right.
Because once you step
into what you truly love,
everything good will happen.
Just take that leap.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> Emma, I am so excited to
introduce you to this next
expert, Steve Roger Phillips.
He's going to join
us in just a second.
He is a former monk and former
international rugby player.
I bet you didn't have
that on your list.
>> Wow, that's a mouthful!
No, I didn't.
>> Here he is now.
>> Hey, Emma.
How are you doing?
I'm Steve.
>> Hi!
So nice to meet you.
>> Yeah.
Nice to meet you, too.
>> Thank you so much for coming
so far to help us with Emma
today.
>> It's an absolute pleasure.
>> So good to see you.
>> Hi, Emma.
So I understand that
you've been going
through some difficulties,
and you've lost
somebody really close to you.
I also lost somebody
close to me when I was 13.
It was my dad, and it was a
very traumatic time in my life.
So I was just 13
years old, and I
started asking all the
important questions in life.
Why are we here?
What's the goal of life?
And where do we go when we die?
After that, I started getting
into addictions, alcohol,
many other things.
And I got severely depressed.
I tried taking my life
on three occasions.
But thankfully, I
was unsuccessful.
Two years later, my mom that's
always been there for me--
she's amazing--
met somebody new.
He came into my room, and
he said what do you want?
What do you want?
Blew me away.
And I said, I want to be an
international rugby player.
So I set some goals,
and I attained them.
I earned my Welsh Cup in Rugby.
But I was still struggling
in many areas of my life.
So a few years
later, I find myself
in insurance sales
going door to door.
Because I wanted to learn
body language in sales.
I was earning a load of
money, but I wasn't satisfied.
I wasn't happy within my heart.
And I wasn't healthy.
So I had a meeting with
my regional manager.
I sat down with him.
He's an ex semi-professional
football player.
And I told him that I
was going to heal people.
He looked at me as
if I had two heads.
And even though he was telling
me I had the world at my feet,
I had such a future,
it wasn't integral.
And it wasn't right in my heart.
So I said thank
you so much, John.
I really appreciate it,
but I need to leave.
So I walked out.
I remember looking
up, when I walked out,
and thanking God because
it was such a relief.
So after that, I started
studying metaphysics
and all the healing arts.
Meditation, et cetera.
And I was so fulfilled,
deeply fulfilled in my heart.
But I wasn't earning the
money that I was earning
from the insurance sales.
And soon enough, money
started running out.
I started to get into
debt, a lot of debt.
Yeah, I felt really alone.
And it was a really
tough time in my life.
However there was a
really big contrast,
because I was also really
deeply fulfilled, spiritually.
So it wasn't long after
that I was in the shower.
Don't picture it.
[LAUGHTER]
I'm in the shower.
I've got tears
dripping down my face.
I am praying, really
sincerely praying to God.
Show me the truth.
I know there's more.
And just two weeks later,
I'm at a health convention.
A friend of mine says the
Hare Krishnas have got
the answers you're looking for.
I went over, delved
into the philosophy,
and it just blew me away.
Everything resonated
within my heart,
and I just felt
like I'd come home.
Especially the mantra--
Hare Krishna, Hare Krishna.
Krishna Krishna, Hare Hare,
Hare Rama, Hare Rama, Rama Rama,
Hare Hare.
It was so beautiful.
Still is beautiful.
After two years serving
as a celibate monk,
I left the temple because
I had a chronic health
condition called hyper
electrosensitivity.
So I was sensitive to EMFs,
electromagnetic frequencies, et
cetera.
And I needed to
see a naturopath.
So all the signs were pointing
in the direction of Emma,
funny enough, who
is now my wife.
>> Wow.
>> Another similar time, I got
diagnosed with infertility.
I didn't think I'd have
children in this life.
Emma did such a
good job, we've now
got two beautiful daughters.
And we've got another
baby on the way.
>> Congratulations.
>> Thank you so much.
>> It's a miracle.
>> The reason I'm sharing
this with you, Emma,
it's not to share my story.
Yeah OK, that's my story.
But it more so is to
share the key of faith.
Because for me, I've had so
much faith throughout my life.
God the divine has
always been there for me,
in the toughest of times
more so than at any time.
>> This is Emma.
>> Hi, Emma.
How are you?
>> Emma, this is Jim Philips.
>> So nice to meet you.
>> Pleasure to meet you.
Thank you.
>> I'm doing well, thank you.
>> Thank you.
Have a seat, please.
>> Looks like
you're busy working.
>> I'm working on another book.
I'm excited about it.
And I think some of the
things that perhaps I'm
going to be sharing in this
book might be able to help you.
And I know you've been going
through a very difficult time,
and perhaps still are going
through some of the things
that you've been experiencing.
But I'd really like to
ask you, how are you
feeling about all this?
>> Well, I am just a
little overwhelmed,
to be honest with you.
I mean, this has
been one of the most
incredible and unbelievable
days of my life.
It's not often that
you are guided by two
beautiful guardian angels.
But you know, I have really
been going through some very
difficult times.
And something that
I haven't really
addressed yet with the experts
was the loss of my friend.
But it's been really
hard for me to deal with.
Her death was so sudden,
and I don't really
know how to process it.
>> But I want you to
think about something.
You've been through all
of these situations--
your divorce, your
friend passing.
Here you are.
You've overcome all of them.
You've had the
confidence to do what
was necessary in the
midst of whatever it
was you were faced with.
And here's something else
that I can assure you,
and that is that you will
never be given anything
that you can't do, because
there isn't anything
that you can't do.
And you need to understand that.
You need to tap into that.
Every time we are given a
challenging opportunity,
we're being given an opportunity
to tap into ourselves,
to stretch.
Not to become more
of who we are,
but to allow who we
are to be expressed.
We're already complete.
But we're allowing that which
we already are to come out
and to be the expression
that we have in the world.
And that's really how
we benefit other people.
It's through our expression.
It's not about necessarily
going out and doing something
specifically for somebody.
By you being who you are, by
you being joyful, happy, by you
getting into coaching or
any of the other pursuits
that you might want to have,
anything that you might
be passionate about,
you're giving other people
permission to do the same.
One of the greatest
fears that we all have
is that someone
will say something
about what we're doing.
They'll laugh,
they'll joke, they'll
question why we're doing it.
And yet, it's not about them.
It's about you and
what you want to do.
The only opinion that matters
about you is your own.
So if you go through the
rest of your life recognizing
and understanding that this
is about you being you--
about you being fully,
completely, and wholly Emma--
not allowing anybody else to
say that you can't do something,
or you should do something.
This is about you doing
and being who you are.
And that allows you to
be this bright light
that you say you want to be.
That allows you to have that
inner peace and that calm,
regardless of what's
been put in front of you.
You're going to overcome it,
because that's who you are.
And I have faith in you.
>> Thank you.
>> And I want you to
have that same faith.
[QUIET MUSIC]
>> Dannion, darling--
Miguel-- I'm so glad I caught
you here with a few minutes
to spare, I hope.
>> Hi, Jan.
Good to see you.
>> So I just wanted to hear
your take on how the spiritual
and the physical interact.
>> Life touch matter
and moves matter.
We can call it also incarnation.
And it's working for
billions of years.
The first creation, of
course, we know is light.
It move the quantums.
This is manifestations
of matter.
And from there,
everything is created.
And it goes so many
different directions.
Stuff manifests in
all the directions,
particularly care for right now.
The creation of humanity is
the result of billions of years
that life is working in
matter, processing, evolving.
Until matter becomes
very receptable to light,
and now we're talking
about the human brain.
Matter reflects
light, reflects life.
And the reflection, what we
create is virtual reality.
We call it mind.
Then the mind is virtual.
It's not real.
But it's wonderful.
>> And so when you look at the
spiritual nature of matter,
you can't see it.
It's not matter.
The spiritual or the
ethereal energy that moves
forth is based on
what emotional issue
you derived from what
you thought about
was happening to you.
Without putting those into
play, you give ethereal energy
no way to interact
in a positive healing
point with the physical matter.
But also remember this.
This is the greatest part
about the spiritual nature.
The simple fact that
the placebo effect
is 50% of the success rate
of any drug or any therapy.
>> At least.
>> Half of what you believe
is what you believe.
No matter what it says,
half of what you believe
is half of what you believe.
>> Hi!
>> Emma, I'm introducing
you to Cammie Ritchie,
a transformational life coach.
>> So nice to meet you, Cammie.
>> Yes!
>> Have a seat.
>> My heart feels for you,
because I've been there.
I remember crawled up in a
ball, bawling my eyes out,
because a very dysfunctional
road had led me
to a very abusive marriage.
That's when I realized I
either had to pack it in,
or I had to make some
major changes in my life.
Three weeks after I escaped from
my very abusive relationship,
I ended up having a rash
on my arms and my chest.
An A new doctor had
come into the area,
and I had decided to go and see
him-- a 10 minute appointment
to see what I could
do with this rash.
I'm not sure, Emma, if
you've heard of this.
But our biography
turns into our biology.
Or the other way
around it is our issues
show up in our tissues.
>> No, I've never heard that.
>> Well, what that means is
our emotions end up manifesting
into our physical symptoms.
Right?
And that's what
the rash was about!
However for the first time,
somebody was willing to listen.
Not just hear about my story,
but listen to my story,
believe me.
And for two hours, I realized
that what I had asked for,
which was help, was
sitting in front of me.
That doctor, with my permission,
set me up and admitted me
into a live in program
for adult children
of alcoholics and codependency.
That was the beginning
of my transformation.
And because I started to
understand what self-worth was,
self-love, self care--
and how to get there is simply
by understanding and letting
your true self come out.
And I saw how I transformed.
I then became a
transformational coach,
because I want people to live
fully and abundantly like I do.
So I have four easy steps
that I teach my clients.
And the first one is when you
are in a negative situation--
maybe a damaging,
dangerous situation--
number one, stop.
Be still.
Quiet your mind and
really get in honest
with yourself, in deep,
honestly with yourself,
and find out why are
you feeling this way.
What's making you feel this way?
What isn't working, and
what needs to be changed?
The second step is to
seek and find the truth.
So while you're sitting
in that quiet time,
that stillness,
whatever comes up,
let it come up because
it's there to help you.
>> Sometimes, that's so scary.
>> It's very scary.
Because not only does
good stuff come up,
but we also see
our uglies come up.
Right?
>> Our issues.
>> Our issues!
Exactly.
The third step I would
suggest for you is then
accept what comes up.
So the fourth step
is the big one,
because once you understand
what it is you're feeling,
you now are
realizing whatever it
was that you
repressing, suppressing,
denying, resisting.
And you know that there's
an issue there that you
need to clear up and change.
You bring it up,
and now take action
to change yourself
for the better.
That takes
compassion, self-love,
and a lot of bravery.
However once you do that,
I'm going to tell you
that's your freedom.
And when we're
free, that brings us
into living life passionately.
Thank you, Elizabeth,
for bringing Emma to me.
>> Emma, are you ready to
embrace the key of passion?
>> I'm ready.
Let's do it.
>> Fabulous!
I have a real treat
for you next, Emma.
>> Do you?
>> Dr. Joe Vitale,
so good to see.
>> Hello!
Good to see you again.
>> I'm so excited to
introduce you to Emma.
Emma, this is Dr. Joe Vitale.
>> Hi, Emma.
How are you?
>> And he is an expert on
the key of appreciation.
So I'm excited to have him
share his story with you.
>> And how are you
feeling at the moment?
>> I don't have anything
to be grateful for.
>> I can definitely
relate to that.
Are you open to a
story that may help?
>> Yes.
>> Because you may not know, but
at one point in my life I was
homeless.
And I was in poverty
for over 10 years.
I know what it's
like to struggle.
I know what it's like to
go through the dark night
of the soul.
I know what it's
like to have agony.
like to burn inside,
because it hurts so bad.
Well, I was hearing about
the key of appreciation,
the attitude of gratitude.
And I remember thinking
oh, I'll be grateful
when I have something
to be grateful for.
I remember thinking that.
But everywhere I looked, all
the books, all the courses
were talking about
gratitude as being
this key, this appreciation.
And I remember flippantly--
I wasn't believing it--
reaching for a pencil.
And this story has
become so profound,
it shouldn't surprise you
that I carry a pencil now.
And so, I have a pencil.
And I remember
picking up a pencil.
And you got to remember,
this is the time
of the dark night of the soul.
There's no evidence
around me that I'm ever
going to be anything.
I am broke.
I am unknown.
I am unpublished.
I am unhappy.
You can relate to all of it.
>> I can.
>> And I thought, OK.
I'm going to practice gratitude.
Not believing it, I
picked up a pencil.
I said OK, I'm going to be
grateful for this pencil.
I looked at the
pencil and said yeah,
with this pencil I can
write a suicide note.
I can write a grocery list.
I can write some sort
of stupid lyrics.
I can write some
complaint letter.
And suddenly, as I was playing--
because I was skeptical.
I was bitter.
I started to realize I could
write the great American novel.
I could write hit songs.
I can write love letters.
I can write a manifesto
that changes the world.
Every time I tell the
story, my energy changes.
Every time!
Now remember, back
in that moment
there's nothing
changing around me.
I'm in this hellhole that
I can't even pay for.
So I'm looking at this stick
with a piece of lead going,
I can change the
world with this.
I started to feel grateful,
and I turned it around.
And I said who
invented the eraser?
How brilliant is this?
With the eraser, I can
erase that suicide note.
I can correct my grocery list.
I can fix the poem.
I can do whatever it is.
And I thought,
this is a miracle!
This is a miracle.
And in that moment,
my life changed.
The pencil just
happened to be there.
I picked up anything.
In that moment, I
learned gratitude.
I learned that it
raised my vibration
to start appreciating things.
I started to look
at the same world
that I looked at, the world
that when I looked out
there was dark,
and it was gloomy,
and there was no opportunity.
There's no choices,
certainly nothing for me.
>> That's where
I've been living!
>> The pencil changed it.
After the pencil
experience, I looked out.
And I started to
see opportunities.
I started to see ideas.
They were there the whole time.
The window opened in my
soul, and my very first book
"Zen and the Art of Writing"
came to me as an idea.
Where did it come from?
It came from the ethers.
It came from the sky.
It came from the divine,
whatever you want to call it.
And it was published in
1984, my very first book "Zen
and the Art of Writing."
Turning point in my
life, because here I
had been a struggling author.
And finally, the moment
of truth, I am published.
But it was also the dark
night of the soul again,
because I realized publishers
don't know anything
about marketing books.
So I found that I
could learn marketing.
I learned marketing 1984, 1985,
which changed my path of life
forever.
I have since written
almost 100 books.
Even I am baffled.
Like how does somebody
write 100 books?
Get a good pencil.
>> With that pencil, yeah!
[LAUGHTER]
>> Get a good pencil, and
you can write 100 some books.
The whole point is back then
when I picked up the pencil,
broke and unknown.
Because of the pencil,
I now live the lifestyle
of the rich and famous.
And I get to do wonderful
things like make
a difference in your life.
>> So I just have one question.
Are you married?
Because I'm single now.
I'm just asking.
I'm trying to
change my vibration.
>> Well, you're doing very good.
You're changing my
vibration, that's
for sure, with these quite
complimentary questions.
I love this.
Here's the whole point.
Here's what I want you to get.
You have to find what you
are grateful for, what you
appreciate in this moment now.
>> All right!
>> You are given so much
that you cannot out give
the universe.
>> Can you say that again?
>> You cannot out
give the universe.
You have to understand that
your mind is working right now.
Your body is working right now.
You are breathing.
You are not making
any of this happen.
The universe is giving you air.
It is giving you gravity so you
don't float out of your chair
and go somewhere else.
All of this is happening
for your best interest.
When you first came in the
door, and you're coming in here
and saying that you're
going through this misery,
it is hard to open that
window of appreciation
and raise your vibration.
But all it takes is the pencil.
And when I did it,
I was flippant.
I didn't believe it.
But now I know.
Pick anything in your life, on
the desk, in the buffet of life
that is presented to you.
Find something you
are grateful for.
Focus on that.
It will expand
everything within you.
You will change your vibration.
You will move into the
key of appreciation,
and your life will
change forever.
>> Emma, I hope Dr. Joe has got
your wheels turning so that you
can start thinking about
all you have to be grateful
for in your life.
>> I do.
>> Your pencil.
>> Yes.
I have so much more to be
grateful than I ever realized.
>> You just don't see it.
>>No.
>> That's why I wanted
you to meet Dr. Joe.
Because I knew his
story about the pencil,
and I knew that it would
inspire you to see how much
you have for which
to be grateful.
You really can get past this.
I know you will.
>> I know I can now.
But I wonder Dr. Joe,
can I have the pencil?
>> You can have this for
$1,000-- no, I'm only kidding.
You can have the pencil.
>> All right!
>> There you go.
Are you grateful for the pencil?
>>I'm very grateful.
>> You appreciate the pencil?
>> Yes, I appreciate the pencil.
>> Did you notice that
your vibe just went up?
>> Yes.
>> See how easy it is?
You've already changed
your vibration just
within the minutes
that we've been here.
>> The magical pencil.
>> And now, you have a magic
pencil to be with you at all
times.
>> Yes.
Thank you, Dr. Joe.
>> You're very welcome.
>> Thank you so much.
>> Godspeed to you.
>> Thank you.
[QUIET MUSIC]
>> Emma, this is Shannon Knight.
Have a seat on the
step if you want.
>> So nice to meet you.
>> Hi, Emma.
Very nice to meet you.
>> Emma's been going through
a very challenging time.
>> Hi, Emma.
Nice to meet you.
And I'm so sorry about the
loss of your friend, really.
>> Thank you.
>> And it's always an honor
when someone wants to hear about
anything that I've gone through,
where I've gained my courage.
And to speak to you
about the key of courage,
I hope that it's
going to help you.
When I had stage 3 breast
cancer and went ahead
and agreed to the
bilateral mastectomy,
I had no idea what I was in for.
They don't really give
you all the details.
You just think that
you're going in,
and you're doing
something that you've
heard a lot of other women do.
But they're not
telling the story.
When I went in, I
was comfortable.
I mean, I was a little nervous.
But I thought well,
they'll fix everything.
When I woke up, I had no idea
what I was going to be facing.
First of all, I was alone.
No one was in the room.
I had this hot
feeling on my chest,
like someone had put
a hot shovel on me.
And then when I looked
down, everything was flat.
So emotionally,
it was hitting me.
I'm alone, no one's here.
And there were four
drains coming out
filled with dark, dark fluid.
I didn't understand.
When the doctor finally came
in, he says what's going on?
And I could barely breathe
the pain was so hot.
And I said I'm in pain.
He goes where?
Very abrupt.
After they got rid of the
pain, why are you still crying?
I said because I'm scared.
Nobody's here.
I'm all alone.
I didn't expect any of this.
And I could not stop crying.
I didn't know what to do.
As a woman who's not married,
I thought oh, my gosh.
No man's ever going
to want me like this.
This is not what I thought.
How am I ever going to look like
a woman up on my chest again?
They took everything clear
down through the nerves,
down to get a clear margin
down to my rib cage.
And when they did do plastic
surgery, it was a choice.
Did I want to go through
extreme pain of them pulling
the nerves off of
the rib cage just
so I could feel if I bumped
into a door or something?
I'm not kidding you.
That was the reason why.
So you'd either be numb or feel.
And if you want to
feel again, they're
going to have to pull the
nerves off the rib cage
and expand them out
slowly over time.
We don't see where that goodness
and where that change is
going to come from.
But you hold on, knowing
that it's going to come.
And then, you just wait.
But meanwhile, do things.
Write in a gratitude journal.
Become grateful at this time
for the things that you do have,
that you can see and touch.
That's going to multiply
your abundance in life.
And the grieving for
the loss of a loved one?
That's normal.
And you're going to go
through that for a long time.
The healing sometimes
is agonizingly slow,
but it's going to come.
>> You are such an inspiration.
I will have the key of courage.
>> That key is going to be
something that you are going
to use over and over again
and help other people with.
>> And you're such a great
example of what you can do with
the key of courage.
And that's why I
think Emma could
use a little shot of courage
right now-- with everything
you've been through, darling?
>> Yes.
>> So I really wanted
her to meet you.
Thank you so much for
sharing your story, darling.
Thank you so much.
>> You are so welcome.
And if you ever need
me, you can find me.
>> Thank you.
>> Angels for Shannon.
That's where I'm at online.
>> OK, thank you so much.
>> Thank you for blessing
me with your presence.
>> You've blessed me, because
you've brought me back to what
I've gone through.
And every time we
get to look back
at what we've been through
to help someone else,
we get to go into a
place of gratitude
of where we are today.
>> Hi, Doug.
Good to see you.
>> Hi, Elizabeth.
>> I want to
introduce you to Emma.
>> Hi.
>> This is Doug Smith.
You're not going to
believe his story.
>> Pleasure to meet you.
>> Thank you.
>> Please.
A little bit about my story--
when I was born and
learned how to walk,
I was put into ankle to
hip leg braces as a child,
like Forrest Gump braces.
All the way from the
ankle to the hip.
And there wasn't
a doctor anywhere
that would have said
I would have made it
to the National Hockey
League by the time I was 18.
>> That's amazing.
>> And so my mother helped
me get through that period
in my life.
And then by the time I
was 18, I was playing
in the National Hockey League.
And then at age 29,
I had an accident.
I went full speed, headfirst
into the end boards.
And I shattered the fifth
and sixth cervical vertebrae
in my neck.
And that resulted in me
becoming a quadriplegic.
And and I changed the
instant I hit the boards.
The instant I hit the boards,
I realized all the times
in my life that I had treated
people inappropriately,
where I'd pushed
people out of the way
when I could've
been a lot nicer.
And I realized I had to change,
and empathy would be the key.
It would be the
key to me changing.
And so what I did
was over the years,
I documented the process of my
recovery to get walking again
and to deal with the trauma.
And I developed a system.
And the system is
called system 438.
And here's how it works.
Are you familiar with
the four types of trauma?
>> No, please tell me.
>> OK.
>> This is so fascinating.
>> So there are only four,
and there's only one that we
can't see.
And that's the
ticking time bomb.
But my system works
for all four types.
But here's the four
types of trauma.
Number one,
catastrophic physical--
we all know what that is.
Catastrophic emotional
is number two.
You can't avoid that.
Cumulative physical trauma
is the third type of trauma.
And you know what?
We know it's bad to hit
your head over and over,
but sometimes we don't see the
symptoms until it's too late.
And then, there's the
fourth type of trauma--
cumulative emotional trauma.
And that's the ticking time
bomb, because we can't see it.
We can't smell it.
It's like carbon
monoxide to our brain.
But it's important to understand
those four types of trauma,
to have the awareness that
there are four types of trauma.
And how you deal with the
trauma, how you break it
down and break
down the disruption
it causes in our brain
between the conscious
and subconscious
is by understanding
the three priorities of
the subconscious brain.
Because the subconscious
brain, it controls us.
It's 97% of our
human functioning.
So if you want to
improve your performance,
you must understand what
it craves, what it needs.
And you know where an 800
pound gorilla sits when
it comes in the room, right?
Anywhere it wants.
So if you lose control of that
subconscious brain because
of trauma, you'll
start behaving in ways,
and you won't know why.
You'll be helpless to it.
The system to break that
down is the three priorities
and the eight behaviors
that we can cultivate
to feed those three priorities.
So the three priorities
are meeting basic needs.
A roof over your
head, warmth-- you
have to make sure that
your subconscious brain has
those basic needs met.
The second one is
clarity of thought.
So the subconscious
craves clarity of thought.
The type of clarity that you
get from yoga, from meditation--
the scientific
evidence is piling up.
It works.
And the third
priority is so simple.
The third priority is
helping other people.
And those are the only
things the subconscious
brain cares about.
So the eight behaviors--
belief in self, motivation,
focus and trust,
awareness, asking for help,
emotional control, and purpose.
They feed the three priorities
of the subconscious brain,
which is meeting basic
needs, clarity of thought,
and helping other people.
I hope that helps, Emma.
I hope that will take
you on a better path
so that you can just
work on getting better.
That's the key.
So that you can work on empathy
like I had to develop it.
I had to become empathetic.
I didn't know how
to be empathetic.
I was designed to
destroy weakness.
And today, I've learned
that it's my responsibility
to prop up weakness.
If you're able to see
weakness in other people,
don't crush it.
I was taught to
crush it as a child.
And when I broke
my neck, I learned
that I needed to
give it a crutch
to support it for
a little bit so
that person could get stronger.
And if you do that
for other people,
if you share this
with other people,
then you're helping
other people.
And that's a priority of
the subconscious brain.
So thank you for sharing.
>> I am so deeply moved by
your courage and the beautiful
and inspiring relationship
that you had with your mother.
>> Thank you.
And it wasn't just my mother.
Women have been a
big part of my life.
I have two daughters.
And without my wife--
we've been married 31 years.
Patti's my hero.
>> I'm wondering about
very highly successful,
high achieving, seemingly
successful individuals spinning
in self sabotage.
How could I best help
them and serve them?
>> Each one of those
is separate cases.
As Miguel would say,
everybody's their own artist.
So I don't think there's
an open, all general way
that you could look at
to transform that group
consciousness.
OK?
Unless people learn
to identify with you.
And in identifying
with you, they
can maybe begin the
process of releasing it.
There's no other way, because
everybody's different.
You know?
When you talk about
suicide and self sabotage,
you have to think
about it in terms
of the choices that
would have been mitigated
for that to have happened.
How many completely
different possibilities
could have occurred
from a tweet to you're
threatening your life?
And so I think you have to
look at each case individually.
>> The main problem is
that they try so hard.
And they don't even
know they're trying.
They try, and they see that
something is not working.
They get a little frustrated.
They just judge themselves.
>> Yes.
>> Why do you have to do that?
>> You know,
everything is just fun.
>> Yes.
>> Why try?
Try to be myself.
Why should I try?
I am myself.
>> Yes.
>> There's nothing to try.
You see, there's many
people who die trying.
It's true!
>> Yeah, I got it.
>> Just like him.
He try and boom.
>> I finally am a victim again.
OK.
>> It was twice, not only once.
It was twice.
>> I had it coming.
>> I'm a healer of healers, and
I'd like to go out and touch
a million lives.
What words of wisdom
would you give me
as I'm on my journey to work
with the key of passion, that's
actually my key that
I've been working with,
and the key of
empathy to support
people find their healing
from the inside out?
>> You're going to have
to really approach it from
a deeply personal, spiritual
point of view to touch that
level of consciousness
that guides you to be able
to consciously allow people
to know that they're healers,
because that's why
you're present,
and not get in the ego's way.
And then, consciously
inspire them
to do the same for others that
you are now doing for them.
But it's still held from
a very deeply connected,
personal place.
>> This is ML Blay-Miezah.
>> Hi, Emma.
Like she said, my name is ML.
Mona Lisa is what it stands for.
I arrived in America
on August 16, 1997
as a teenager on
full scholarship
to my undergraduate college.
I married in sophomore year.
And by the time I was a junior,
I had a daughter named Skye.
I still graduated
on time, because I
had to stay in school
as an F1 visa student.
So when I graduated, I
went on to get an MBA.
The original plan
was to be a lawyer.
But because it takes
three years to do law,
I did my master's degree.
I have an MBA in marketing
management and brand.
And had my son in
my MBA program.
So by the time I was about
26, I had the perfect family,
picket fence.
I had two children in
two, a boy and a girl--
Skye and Rain.
And I thought the world was
just unraveling before me.
However, with my six figure
salary job at General Electric
I was a 6 Sigma statistics
black belt marketing manager.
And the statistics was
overwhelming for me.
As experienced as
I thought I was,
I couldn't handle what
it took to do that.
So I began to feel depressed,
didn't want to go to work.
And with no income, I couldn't
pay for the so-called mansion
that I had purchased.
And on 6th of June, 2006
they threw all my stuff
in the mansion on my
lawn in my neighborhood.
And when that happened,
my six-year-old Skye
and 3-year-old Rain
picked up only pictures.
Because we had nowhere
to turn and nowhere
to put the furniture
on the lawn.
So we picked up the
pictures, and we
proceeded to sleep in the car.
So my mom came for them.
And I said, I'm
going to flip a coin.
So I did a one way
trip to New York.
I went straight from JFK to
the Jamaica Queens shelter.
I said I'm a single mom with
no kids, so I need a bed.
They gave me a bed.
In that shelter
Jamaica, Queens--
I think it was 190th street--
there was a library right in
Queens I'd go to every morning.
I wake up at 4:30.
By 9:00, I'm out.
I said, I'm acting
like I have a job.
So 9:00 to 5:00, I
stay in the library.
I learned how to read all
these self-help books,
motivational books.
I put the pay phone of
the shelter on my resume
and began to pray that my
resume that I was fixing up
as a marketer was amazing.
I said if they just
see this resume,
they're going to
call me for a job.
I was sitting in
the shelter one day,
and the first call
was an interview.
And I went for the interview,
and I was hired for that job.
If I couldn't pray my problems
away and have healing, per se,
I could pray for
hope for endurance.
To endure-- that's all I
wanted, to be able to endure.
And then, I would succeed.
So the keys of passion and
the keys of appreciation
are what I'm here
to talk about today.
And with the keys of
appreciation and passion,
that's all you need, if
you're like me, to succeed.
We all are different.
You can learn how
to be passionate.
to be motivated.
Inspiration is from within.
Motivation is from the external.
So you can go read books.
You can affiliate
yourself with people
who think you're a
star before you are,
and you'll become a star.
If you can spend all your
time with only those who
believe in you and
cut out one by one all
those who don't believe in you.
>> ML, I knew you would have
the perfect message for Emma.
Isn't she awesome?
>> It's amazing.
>> And everything that
you're going through now,
your divorce and your loss,
you can see that everybody is
dealing with something.
And so many of these things
happen for you, not to you.
Your big challenge has
led you to this place.
>> Exactly.
>> And that's the magic of
the key of passion and the key
of appreciation.
Emma, this is Mandy Morris.
She's a best selling author,
and her book is "Love--
It's How I Manifest."
She's going to share
with you how you can
create the life of your dreams.
Have a seat, honey.
>> Thank you.
>> So I've heard a little
bit about everything that
you're going through.
>> It's a lot!
>> It is.
Do you know anything
about vibration?
>> Well, it depends on
what you're talking about.
>> Right.
It can be many things.
There's a metaphysical
understanding.
There's the manifestation,
Woo Woo understanding.
And then, there's
my understanding.
And so I want to talk to you
about the key of vibration
for a reason.
Because although everything
that you've gone through we
can't really go back and change
time, even though maybe time
doesn't exist either.
But instead, how
do we move forward?
Right?
>> Yes.
>> And so this idea of vibration
and my understanding of it
and how it's helped me
get through traumas that I
couldn't control, losses that
were unbelievably painful--
but we still have to go
on in the human life--
was understanding that my
energy creates my future.
Maybe not my past.
But the more that I can
gain control of my now,
of my personal dominant
vibration-- meaning
my mental state or
my ideas of life,
how I'm interacting with
everything in my environment.
Because really, my environment
is responding to me.
Not the other way around, right?
>> I never thought
of it that way.
>> Right!
so this idea of vibration
is that if I can get charge,
because control is kind of
a negative vibrational word
in itself.
If I can get in
charge of my reality,
of my beliefs and my thoughts--
which is really the seed that
starts the whole ability to
manifest what you do desire--
then you can get in
control of your vibration.
Now energy, in simplistic
form, is being sent out.
Right?
Even right now, maybe
you can feel me.
And I can feel you, I
can feel your grief.
But you can also feel my love.
Maybe.
And it will keep
growing as we talk.
And so when I started looking
at OK, I understand energy.
But I'm not changing my life.
Nothing is changing.
I'm still in sick relationships.
I'm still losing people I love.
Nothing's shifted.
I said OK, well there's
a missing component.
What's the next key?
And it was the key of vibration.
So going back to
the beginning, it
is our thoughts and
our beliefs that we
exude outwardly into
our environment,
and our environment
responds to us.
Now the tricky part
is that we don't
realize that a lot of
our energy is happening
on the unconscious level.
So I actually want to give you
a couple tools, if that's cool.
You can do them
when you get home.
>> I love that.
>> Perfect.
OK, so the first one
is belief inventory.
This is not the
complete equation,
but let's start there.
So the belief
inventory, you could
start with the things maybe
that aren't showing up the way
you want.
But you could do everything.
I did love, relationships,
money, career, children,
everything.
And I'd write down
what are my beliefs.
Not my if it was a
perfect day belief,
but what do my actions
show my beliefs are?
That love isn't safe.
That I don't deserve
to make a lot of money.
Or whatever the thing is.
So get really clear
about your beliefs.
And the second one--
this one throws everybody
off, but it is so important.
It is living consciously and
what about you is not you.
So first, what
about you is not you
is basically this idea of
are we really operating
as our authentic self?
Because our authentic self is
our natural, high vibrational
self-- the one
that can manifest,
create the life we want, is at
peace, all that awesome stuff.
But we lose our way, because
childhood programming, life,
or traumas.
And then, we start
saying oh, no.
I have to operate this way
to be safe, or to be certain,
or because grandma said
so, whatever the thing is.
Right?
Now, the second part is
the living consciously.
Living consciously is literally
what has saved my life,
and I don't say that lightly.
Living consciously,
for me, is this idea
of how can I make sure in each
moment I'm actually present?
I'm not just present like
I'm really listening to you,
and I'm feeling you.
I'm listening to this.
What's going on up here?
What am I telling myself?
Am I intimidated because
you're beautiful?
Am I frustrated because I'm
thinking about my bank account?
What's going on?
Because that's the
vibration I'm giving out.
It's not just, I'm working out
so I'm going to lose weight.
Everything's great.
If I'm like, I hate myself.
I'm fat.
I hate myself.
Well, guess what.
>> I think we've all been there.
>> What energy am I sending out?
>> I'm fat!
>> And I'm probably
going to perpetuate it.
>> Yes.
>> Right?
So when living consciously,
another thing you can do--
literally use your phone.
Set an alarm like every
hour, if it feels right.
Use your intuition.
Your intuition is your tool.
Everything I say, run it
through your own filter first.
Set an alarm and
just ask yourself.
I still do them.
I'll do energy checkups
or temperature checks.
And they'll be like, how
are you feeling right now?
Are you connected
to God right now?
Do you need to take a walk?
Do you need a second?
What's the dominant emotion
you're experiencing right now?
And it got me so conscious
of I'm walking around
in a cesspool of negativity
because of my thoughts,
because this is
what I'm feeling.
Right?
I'm frustrated and angry.
I want life to be different.
I deserve more, or I'm a victim,
or whatever that stuff was.
And I was like, I thought
I was a positive person.
OK, we've got some
shifting to do.
And the most important thing
here, the key to this is
don't come at it with
guilt or judgment.
Love yourself through it,
because every human being
goes through it.
But the faster that you
can pour in that love,
the love will actually
lubricate the message
to come through faster, to shift
the reality much more quickly.
>> Mandy, I'm so excited
that you shared with Emma,
because you have such a gift
to express the key of vibration
so eloquently so that
everybody can understand it.
And your enthusiasm
is just so contagious.
You talk about how you feel when
you've spent time with someone.
Spending time with
you is awesome.
Thank you so much.
>> Thank you.
Well, every human being
deserves to be free.
And it's a vibration away.
>> Emma, I am so excited to
introduce you to these next
experts--
Dr. Janis Johnson and
her husband Don Clay.
>> Hi.
>> Pleased to meet you.
>> Have a seat, darling.
Wait until you hear their story.
>> Well, I think she wants us
to tell you a little bit about
some of the challenges
that we've lived through,
because I think
that would help you.
At the age of 17, I had
a near fatal accident.
I was out flying a hang glider.
I had a bad feeling about it,
and I ignored my intuition.
And I went out anyway.
Well, I hit the
asphalt from 150 feet.
My back was broken in several
places, fractured my skull.
I was in pretty bad shape.
So here I was, basically
paralyzed from the neck down.
People were trying to
tell me that you have
to adjust your expectations.
So over the long
term, you'd have
to look at my attitude
and my outlook.
And yes, I truly believed that
I could do something more.
I could do something better.
So even when I started to
get the use of my arms back,
and the doctor said
oh, it's a miracle.
But you know, you're
not going to walk again.
And then, I started
moving my legs.
And they said, well
you're going to have
to have a sedentary life.
So what did I do?
I went to medical school.
It was my passion.
Here we go.
Oh, there's another key!
Passion.
I had this passion
to help people.
And I said I'm going to be
a doctor, and that's that.
So that was also very
important, because even
this accident didn't keep
me from pursuing my passion.
Which kind of brings
us to the other key
that I wanted to tell you
about, and that's courage.
To me, courage isn't
the lack of fear thing.
I'm not afraid.
To me, courage is facing it.
You look it in the eye, and you
say I'm going to do it anyway.
Here's a way to help you
remember these three keys
and how they fit together.
OK.
If you think of it kind
of like a triangle,
those three things--
courage, faith, and passion--
kind of all fit together,
if you look at it.
If you don't have the
courage to tackle something,
you could abandon your passion.
If you don't have the faith to
know that you can do something
or that something
is possible, then it
brings the other two down.
But the minute one
of those comes up,
it brings everything up.
>> So first of all,
I want to say yes.
You are responsible
for your condition.
>> So you're saying that all
of these horrible challenges
I'm going through, I
invited into my life?
This crap I'm dealing
with is my fault?
>> Yeah, kind of.
And I know, people go, oh.
Right?
Well, the heck with you then.
I'm not going to listen to you.
But it is true, because
people have thoughts.
Right?
>> Sure.
>> And sometimes, you
just kind of ignore them.
And you just kind of go down,
and you get kind of sad.
And you start thinking
about negative things.
And as you think
about negative things,
you attract negative things.
Right?
But if you can look
at your thinking
and start going away from it
and get interested in life,
it's like OK.
This stuff happened to me.
But what good can come from it?
And you start looking for
things that could be good.
And it can be very
minor at first.
>> So you take one
step at a time.
And then when you do something,
do something effective
that you're willing to do.
And then when you've done
that, look for the next thing.
>> OK.
Doesn't seem so overwhelming
when you put it that way.
>> It's actually much easier!
>> It's nice to have met you.
You've helped me see things in
such a different perspective.
>> Oh, it's a pleasure.
>> Thank you.
Thank you.
>> Oh, you're very welcome.
>> Thank you both so much for
making the time to help Emma.
I know you have to fly.
It's just been such a joy.
Thank you.
It's wonderful to see you again.
Emma, let's go over here.
I have got such a
surprise for you now.
We're not really
supposed to do this here,
but I think you could
really use the boost.
How would you like to meet your
great, great, great, great,
great grandmother Gwen?
>> Are you kidding me?
I would love to!
But how would that be possible?
Now, I know you've
been talking to her,
and she sent you to help me.
And it's not that I
don't believe you.
But like I said, wouldn't
that make her 200 years old?
>> Things are different here.
Time is relative.
Life has no real
beginning or real end.
So how would you
like to do something
that most people
can't even imagine?
>> Yes!
>> Gwen!
Gwen?
Emma's ready to meet you.
Where are you?
>> Ladies, I'm here.
>> There she is.
Emma, this is Gwen.
>> Oh, child.
Let me look at you.
How are you doing?
Are you learning a lot?
I know that Elizabeth
has taken you
around to meet many
powerful experts today.
And I've been
watching you, Emma.
And I believe that you're going
to hold on to those expert
messages forever.
>> I've had an
incredible experience.
>> Oh, great.
>> Yeah.
And I now understand that
despite my circumstances,
my current situation, I have
so much to be grateful for.
>> That's true.
>> For the first time in
years, I'm actually excited
and optimistic.
>> Wow.
>> Thank you, Gwen.
>> You can call me grandma.
>> OK.
Grandma, thank you so
much for this amazing day.
>> You know, we're all each
on a unique journey in life.
And learning to face
what life throws at us
only makes us stronger,
more enlightened,
and better able to help other
people with their challenges.
Because the feeling that we get
from helping others helps us.
>> Absolutely, Gwen.
And Emma here has
been fantastic today.
I know she got all the
messages from the experts.
And I'm so excited
to see how she does.
I just know she's
going to be great.
>> Oh, I agree.
Absolutely.
And Emma, please know
that if you ever need me,
I am always here
watching over you.
Always.
Just talk to me, darling.
I'll hear you.
[QUIET MUSIC]
>> Oh, Donna, it's easy to see
that Gwen and Emma are related.
Isn't it?
Look at them together.
>> I don't know.
You think?
I really don't see any
resemblance at all.
>> You're kidding, right?
>> Of course, I'm kidding.
Don't you know me
well enough by now?
>> Yeah, I should.
>> Seriously though, these two
actually could pass for mother
and daughter.
Don't you think?
>> Absolutely.
[CHIMES TINKLING]
>> Let's get you home now.
How do you feel about
your life now, Emma?
Are you starting to feel
the veil of depression
dissipate and lift?
Think about this.
You can choose every day
how you're going to feel.
>> It's so unbelievable.
I had no idea that my life
could change so quickly, just
by understanding and
accepting the keys.
I also didn't know
that others were
going through such
tremendous challenges, too.
I know that everybody's
situation is unique,
but I also know that those
experts were so inspiring.
And if they can make it through
those tremendous obstacles,
I now know that I can, too.
>> You know, Emma, we didn't
show you those extreme cases
to minimize in any way
what you're going through.
Divorce and financial
challenges and loss--
all of these are just
things that most of us
have to deal with at some point
along the journey of our life.
The secret is to
understand in the moment
that these challenges, they're
happening for you and not
to you.
And once you accept
that, those challenges
will never be able to wipe
you out with the same impact
as before.
>> I have a little
present for you,
to help you stay
mindful of the keys.
Appreciation, harmony, passion,
courage, faith, vibration,
and empathy.
It's a beautiful diamond
pendant, a key pendant
to help you stay mindful.
Keep in mind, too, that
you're never alone.
Your spiritual guides are
always watching over you.
You're going to be just fine.
>> Thank you.
[QUIET MUSIC]
>> Oh, wow.
That was amazing, wasn't it?
>> Yes!
>> Are you thinking
what I'm thinking?
>> I think so!
Now, I know that you're
just getting started.
But I think you just
found your replacement
for when you retire.
And let me tell
you, Gwen is going
to be thrilled to know her
legacy is going to go on.
>> Forever.
[QUIET BOOM]
[MUSIC PLAYING]
>> (SINGING) Storm clouds
come circle me again.
Dark, steady rain on my horizon.
I have weathered you before.
I will weather you again.
Stronger than ever.
No, never alone.
My, look how I've grown.
Lifted in every endeavor,
stronger than ever.